feat: add database snapshot functionality to Helm chart (#9956)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/helm-db-snapshot.rst

:orphan:

**New Features**

> -  Helm: Add support for snapshotting and restoring the database persistent volume. Visit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Helm: Add support for capturing and restoring snapshots of the database persistent volume. Visit
```
